Add note to testing docs about `rendered_content` helper (#1991)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/guide/testing.md

_Note: `assert_selector` only matches on visible elements by default. To match on elements regardless of visibility, add `visible: false`. See the [Capybara documentation](https://rubydoc.info/github/jnicklas/capybara/Capybara/Node/Matchers) for more details._

> For debugging purposes, the `rendered_content` test helper outputs the full rendered HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For debugging purposes, the `rendered_content` test helper outputs the rendered HTML.
```

> For debugging purposes, you can output the full rendered HTML using the `rendered_content` test helper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For debugging purposes, the `rendered_content` test helper outputs the full rendered HTML.
```
